DOCSP-37511 Indexes (#59)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/indexes/clustered-index.txt

.. _pymongo-clustered-index:

=================
Clustered Indexes
=================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference
 
.. meta::
   :keywords: index, query, optimization, efficiency

Overview
--------

**Clustered indexes** instruct a collection to store documents ordered

> by a key value. To create a clustered index, specify the clustered index
> option with the ``_id`` field as the key and the unique field as
> ``True`` when you create your collection.

Reviewer: S: Might be easier as a list

```suggestion
by a key value. To create a clustered index, perform the following steps when
you create your collection:

- Specify the clustered index option with the ``_id`` field as the key.
- Set the unique field to ``True``.
```
